Update Linux/WSL install info (#1)
theos/theos-wiki: docs/Installation-Linux.md

		sudo apt update

		# Install dependencies

> 		sudo apt install bash coreutils fakeroot git grep make openssh-client perl rsync sed unzip libtinfo5

Reviewer: If these are _additional_ dependencies, then we don't have to put unzip and libtinfo5 again

Author: I always read it as Linux/WSL and GCS having their own sets of dependencies. 

If the GSC step is meant to be additional dependencies, then git, fakeroot, and perl should be removed as well, as they are present in both Linux/WSL and GSC's dependency install commands.

1. Get a toolchain:

	General use:

		curl -LO https://github.com/sbingner/llvm-project/releases/latest/download/linux-ios-arm64e-clang-toolchain.tar.lzma
		TMP=$(mktemp -d)
		tar --lzma -xvf linux-ios-arm64e-clang-toolchain.tar.lzma -C $TMP
		mkdir -p $THEOS/toolchain/linux/iphone
		mv $TMP/ios-arm64e-clang-toolchain/* $THEOS/toolchain/linux/iphone/
		rm -r linux-ios-arm64e-clang-toolchain.tar.lzma $TMP

	Swift compatible:

		sudo apt install zstd
		curl -LO https://github.com/CRKatri/llvm-project/releases/download/swift-5.3.2-RELEASE/swift-5.3.2-RELEASE-ubuntu18.04.tar.zst
		TMP=$(mktemp -d)
		tar --zst -xvf swift-5.3.2-RELEASE-ubuntu18.04.tar.zst -C $TMP
		mkdir -p $THEOS/toolchain/linux/iphone $THEOS/toolchain/swift
		mv $TMP/swift-5.3.2-RELEASE-ubuntu18.04/* $THEOS/toolchain/linux/iphone/
		ln -s $THEOS/toolchain/linux/iphone $THEOS/toolchain/swift
		rm -r swift-5.3.2-RELEASE-ubuntu18.04.tar.zst $TMP

> 	Note that the minimum SDK version required to compile Swift code is currently iOS 11.2.

Reviewer 2: I think the minimum SDK is probably a lot higher now.
```suggestion
	Note that compiling Swift code requires a fairly modern SDK. It is recommended that you use the latest SDK that you can get.
```
